README.md, before:

# Surreal Estate by Dean Spooner 🏠

This is a React web application that allows users to browse and search through different properties, supplied by an external API. Users will be able to:

- use a "Listings Page" to search for different properties and sort/filter the results;

- view details on a particular property with its own "Property Details" page;

- add properties through a dedicated "Add Property" page.

This project is currently being built as part of the Manchester Codes front-end module.

## Latest updates:

- 29th June 2021, 8:35pm - initialised project and added basic styling, and removed all unnecessary elements and properties included with React.

## Built with:

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node.js

## Tested with:

- Jest
- React Testing Library

## How to install

    $ git clone https://github.com/deanspooner/surreal-estae
    $ cd surreal-estate
    $ npm install

## How to run

    $ npm start

This will run the Surreal Estate web app in development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.\
If you make and save any edits or changes, the page will reload to show these.

## Test

    $ npm test

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## By [Dean Spooner](https://github.com/DeanSpooner) 👷‍♂️

Commit message:

Created and added logo and favicon.

README.md, after:

# Surreal Estate by Dean Spooner 🏠

This is a React web application that allows users to browse and search through different properties, supplied by an external API. Users will be able to:

- use a "Listings Page" to search for different properties and sort/filter the results;

- view details on a particular property with its own "Property Details" page;

- add properties through a dedicated "Add Property" page.

This project is currently being built as part of the Manchester Codes front-end module.

## Latest updates:

- 29th June 2021, 10:27pm - created and uploaded initial logo and used as the site's favicon;

- 29th June 2021, 8:35pm - initialised project and added basic styling, and removed all unnecessary elements and properties included with React.

## Built with:

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node.js

## Tested with:

- Jest
- React Testing Library

## How to install:

    $ git clone https://github.com/deanspooner/surreal-estae
    $ cd surreal-estate
    $ npm install

## How to run:

    $ npm start

This will run the Surreal Estate web app in development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.\
If you make and save any edits or changes, the page will reload to show these.

## How to test

    $ npm test

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## By [Dean Spooner](https://github.com/DeanSpooner) 👷‍♂️
